config: introduce labels to schema (#9813)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9809-config-add-labels.md

## feature/config

> * Introduced labels as configuration option, they are basically string to
>   string maps that are merged together (gh-9809).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced the `labels` configuration option. The labels are maps with string keys that are merged to instance level. (gh-9809).
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
